(Sangam made the sky beautiful to celebrate Lunar New Year's Day.)
(Lunar New Year's Day Special in Men on a Mission)
(Brother School Film Contest)
(Blowing)
(Cheering)
(2 hosts appear with a cheer.)
(Jumping)
- You are so funny. - It was a magical entrance.
(He feels proud of the entrance he made.)
Hello, everyone. We hope...
this film contest can show Korea's best authority and tradition.
It's Brother School Film Contest.
We are tonight's hosts. I am Lee Sang Min.
- Lee Su Geun. - And Seo Jang Hoon.
- Nice to see you all. - Good to see you.
It's a film contest that we were not in.
I wonder if this was necessary...
to make this set looking so awesome.
Just for the rest of members?
Actually,
it cost a lot to put this red carpet just for us.
It would be a waste to just throw it away...
after we use this tonight.
This set was even designed by producer Choi Chang Soo.
Really?
So let's use this red carpet again at your wedding.
For groom and bride's entrance.
Why don't you two also get married when he gets married?
So that you guys can get married at once.
(Turning)
I heard that you are learning Taekwondo these days.
I didn't know you could be fast.
(He became much faster than before.)
Anyways, let's invite...
the participants for this contest to the stage.
First team.
They're singers of the winning song. Team Coward of the Universe.
Hee Chul and Min Kyung Hoon.
And their director of new music video, Shin Dong.
- Please come out. - Please join us.
(Min Kyung Hoon, Hee Chul, and Shin Dong)
- Welcome. - Thank you.
- They look good. - They look awesome.
I didn't know they had a female member.
Waiter, please get me three glasses of water.
Come this way.
It's waiter Ho Dong.
Team Coward of the Universe, come and stand here.
- Come. - Come this way.
This is the red carpet.
They will take some photos of you guys.
The member in the middle is...
- dressed up like Kim Won Jun. - Yes.
(Good looking face and body)
More than you
Will they be able to hit...
the 1st in the music chart for over 10 weeks?
- We look forward to it. - We do.
- I think it's done. - Please go back to your seats.
Next team.
They were a married couple in the past.
They've become a singer and director.
Kim Yeong Cheol and Song Eun I.
Come on out.
I look forward to seeing this team.
(Kim Yeong Cheol and Song Eun I)
They made the whole set for this show.
Exactly.
I was so surprised.
We have a pose we make.
What are they doing?
What does this pose mean?
Can I?
Our hands cannot be met.
(Their hands can't be met.)
- We will call the next team. - Shall we go?
Thank you.
- We showed everything we got. - Bye.
- I will ruin the show. - Come now.
They can't do this to us.
- Can I? - This is the last team.
- He went to music industry... - Gosh.
- Call my name now. - Because...
Okja is waiting for us.
Okja?
(Surprised)
He is a strong rookie.
He surely is,
Rookie singer Kang Ho Dong,
- a songwriter Hong Jin Young, - Hong Jin Young.
and the most famous music video director.
Yoo Sae Yoon worked with them.
- There is one more person. - And...
the beautiful lady in their music video.
She joined us as well.
Jo Hye Ryun. Are you all surprised?
Welcome.
- What did he say? - "Are you all surprised?"
(Kang Ho Dong, Hong Jin Young, Yoo Sae Yoon, and Jo Hye Ryun)
- Gosh. - Welcome.
They are here. Jo Hye Ryun,
Hong Jin Young, Yoo Sae Yoon, and singer Kang Ho Dong.
Jo Hye Ryun is also an investor of this music video.
Gosh.
They are funny.
Make a pose.
Why did he throw that?
It's hers. It's my stylist's fur jacket.
Pick that up now.
She said it's very expensive. I am in trouble. Bring it now.
He is in trouble.
- Shake off the dust. - What is he doing?
Okja.
Why are you calling him Okja?
They fought.
- That's enough. - Please take your seats.
- Please take your seats. - What about an interview?
- There is no such thing. - We won't interview you.
- Why not? - Maybe later.
Let's go then.
- Let's go. - We shouldn't have gone first.
It didn't go well.
This is not the end.
There is something better. Other than them,
- the famous actors are here too. - They are here.
The weakest team is Yeong Cheol's team.
- Are we the weakest? - I joined their team.
And is the team even weaker now?
(He is lost for words.)
- Bingo. - Bingo.
- They are the weakest. - We gave up on our wants.
We had many scenes to work on. We had a lot of free time too.
(Talk faster.)
Look at him.
He goes well with the image.
- He is a rookie. - He surely is Okja.
- He is not scared at all. - He does look like it.
- He is not scared. - He doesn't look like a rookie.
- Let's move on. - Okay.
Jang Hoon, please explain to us.
There are three candidate teams.
From "N" website,
we had an early voting.
We also have a real time voting too.
We will add both results.
According to the results, there will be a winning team.
We will show the viewers the full music video of the winning team.
This is important.
They will be given this honor.
It will be a great chance to promote your song.
The rest teams...
will only get to show a little bit of their music videos.
This is an honor.
For those of you who don't know which team to vote,
they will introduce themselves.
First team is Team Coward of the Universe.
We are Team Coward of the Universe.
It's been a year and three months.
- Already? - It's been so long.
I wrote lyrics for "Sweet Dream".
This time Kyung Hoon wrote lyrics for the newest song.
And we wanted to film our music video properly.
That's why we have Shin Dong as our music video director.
He is a chubby music video director.
Director Shin Dong,
you are quiet today.
It's because he is wearing braces.
(He is wearing braces.)
He needs to wear the braces.
Are you okay to talk?
Well...
We tried to make their music video like a movie.
It's called "Aftereffect".
He'll have trouble being on shows.
We've made a very sad music video.
Please look forward to our music video. Vote for us.
(Embarrassed)
We are number one.
Not number 2. We are number 1.
- Team number 1. - Team number 1.
- Next. - Hello. It's my...
third single, as you all know.
It's called "Can I?"
That's right. It's been made with me, Song Eun I.
We've aimed the age group that watches this show.
We have aimed the elementary school children.
(They even targeted a certain age group.)
- Please enjoy. - But officially...
Director Song, this show is for over 15-year old.
You can't say that because this show is mainly for people...
who are over 15 years old.
I didn't know that.
- They won't watch this. - I didn't know about this.
There are so many elementary school kids in the country.
We aimed teenagers.
Our music video will make the most of teenagers laugh.
It's a comic hero music video.
There is one important scene.
If you want to watch that, please vote for us. We are number two.
- We are team number two. - Gosh.
- Are you all understood? - What are you guys doing?
Is this a perspective?
The third person is so huge.
- He is so huge. - It's...
The person in the front is huge for real.
Actually, I was at the music video set.
I've watched the whole thing.
I can assure that it is made with high quality.
Can you all vote...
for team number two?
Probably not.
All right.
This is the last team.
He lives in Gangnam.
There is only 1 bus in his area. It's bus number 3.
Team number three.
Hello.
Kang Ho Dong.
- Kang Ho Dong. - Kang Ho Dong.
- A white pig Kang Ho Dong. - A white pig Kang Ho Dong.
(He introduced himself in a cute way.)
I am back as a rookie singer. I am Kang Ho Dong.
I love you Okja.
Please introduce yourselves.
I can promise you all this.
I am sure you have never seen a music video like ours.
I am sure there are a lot of Jin Young's fans.
Yes.
She will show her amazing acting skills at the end.
Then we will have to watch until the end.
- So... - But...
- Excuse me. - Is Hye Ryun in it?
We've introduced Hye Ryun as the beautiful lady in the music video.
That's right.
You all like Hye Ryun, right?
We put her in the first verse.
(He did it to the full.)
I only have to watch the first verse then.
That's right.
- In the first verse, - I don't need to watch the rest.
we had to start the song with a bang.
That's why we put Hye Ryun in the first verse.
It will be your first time to see Ho Dong dancing too.
Awesome.
- We are team number 3. - Team number 3.
He will show Okja dance.
Okja, which team's music video are you most excited to watch?
I am sure they all want their team's music video to win.
- Let's move onto the next question. - Gosh.
- Team number two. - All right.
Tell us which team will be the weakest team.
- Choose the weakest team. - That's right.
- I think... - Do you have any team on mind?
Eun I and Sae Yoon were actually...
trained by Shin Dong.
- Really? - Yes.
Who was your music video director of Celeb Five?
- It was Shin Dong. - Shin Dong was.
Who was the music video director of "Marry Man"?
Gosh.
He is amazing.
He is.
Even though you are wearing braces, please say something.
Shall I do that?
- Please. - Actually,
Sae Yoon asked me to help him with his newest music video.
They are actually my customers.
They are your weakest teams then.
- I think... - We won't be that bad.
- this contest feels a bit... - It bothers you.
- It does. - Gosh.
I won't expect to win this contest.
But please vote for team number one.
If you don't expect on winning, please let us win this contest.
(She says it quickly.)
- Please let us win. - Please.
- We're desperate. - What do you think?
- Who is the weakest team, Eun I? - Eun I?
You will find out later.
I will say something more.
She launched "Confidential" and "Kim Saeng Min's Slips".
And she even made Celeb Five. Her latest work is my song, "Can I?"
Actually...
I wasn't going to add your song into my profile though.
- What? - It depends on the name of song.
My back hurts.
- Can I not just leave that out? - "Can I?"
We will have to watch their video.
Let's see how they made their music videos.
I can't wait.
After hearing the introductions of their music videos,
I can't wait to watch their music videos.
- We will now... - They do their lines.
watch how they made...
- the music videos. - He just said that.
- He just said that. - I just said that line.
(He bites his lip.)
All right. We will now watch team number one's...
music video. Their director was Shin Dong.
What is the other thing that we should know...
- about your video? - There is none.
Just watch it already.
- Just watch it. - Let's begin.
I thought he was going to play the music video.
But he asked instead.
Hee Chul wrote the scenario of the music video.
Were you satisfied?
- I was. - Okay then.
Let's watch the music video of "Aftereffect".
- now. - They are not in order.
- Let's watch now. - They aren't good.
- They aren't good. - They are funny though.
- It begins. - I don't even have a script.
Why didn't you make a script for me?
(Brother School Film Contest)
(At a house in Jongno)
(It's a place where they film music video of "Aftereffect".)
They have great equipment.
Isn't that way too expensive for your music video?
They even used that. It is expensive.
We spent everything on the equipement.
We asked them to go with a full shot.
He looks charismatic.
He really looks like a director.
(He looks serious unlike other days.)
What? It's snowing.
(It will be snowing in Seoul.)
(This doesn't feel good.)
The weather was really bad.
Really?
It was raining and snowing.
(Actress of the music video, Noh Ji Sun)
She is my student.
- Hello. - I made her debut.
- She is my student. - Where is Mi Sun?
- Mi Sun. - Hey.
She is my mother in my music video.
Hello.
What is going on?
You are funny.
Hello.
Is this going to be like music video contest or something?
Ho Dong and Yeong Cheol are making their videos too.
Ho Dong will be hard to beat. Jin Young is helping him.
Not Jin Kyung?
Why would she?
Jin Kyung made Yeong Cheol's song.
Do you mean Hong Jin Young?
Jin Kyung made kimchi not the music video.
Jin Young makes music.
- Is she in it? - "Love Battery".
Gosh.
- He still doesn't get it. - He is so confused.
Didn't you know that?
Why is he confused with Jin Kyung?
He wrote the scenario.
- Really? - I will explain about the story.
We are a family. We lost our father when we were kids.
Kyung Hoon is my younger brother and he is a fighter.
She is close friends of mine and she is a homeschool teacher.
I will hold up papers to Ji Sun.
Wait. Okay. Here they are.
- I brought my real wedding photos. - These are real.
(Special appearance by Lee Bong Won as the dead father)
She brought the real photos.
I told him this morning.
I didn't tell him that he's dead in the story.
I just asked him if we can use his picture in the music video.
He said yes, but he has no idea he's dead.
My goodness.
- He's dead. - He doesn't know he's dead.
I called him.
Shouldn't this be in black and white?
Lee Sang Min will play the boss.
He's usually assigned to such roles.
It's similar to "Sweet Dream".
But in reality, Lee Soo Geun is more like a boss.
If we make Soo Geun the boss, the problem is...
(He cannot be serious.)
that it's hard to be serious.
Also, Jang Hoon is too tall.
People like Jang Hoon are...
the first to die in real life.
- What? - She says you would die.
The mom and Kyung Hoon would be startled.
Then, you have to slap him in the face.
Do I hit him for real?
- No, just fake it. - We'll cut to the next shot.
(No! You have to fake it!)
Hey.
She should hit you.
- That would make it realistic. - It's probably better to do it.
Don't moms usually hit you on the back?
It hurts more with a rubber glove.
- Really? - Yes.
- Should we shoot the first scene? - Yes.
It's so funny that we have the same hair.
- My mom did it for me. - Your mom?
- We're rolling. - Here we go.
Give me an okay from the first take.
- Be careful when you come out. - Okay.
Here we go.
Rolling.
(Idiot Hee Chul is playing while Kyung Hoon looks after him.)
Mom, look! I made this.
- Are you having fun? - Look. There is smoke coming out.
It's cold, Hee Chul. You'll catch a cold. Come inside.
The video looks a lot different.
- It's like a commercial. - The color is different.
It's cheating to use that camera.
(Worried)
(Ji Sun is here for Hee Chul's lesson.)
"You..."
Ms. Noh!
- Hello. - Hello.
Ms. Noh, here.
It's cold. Go inside.
- Hello. - Hurry, Ms. Noh.
- Take her inside. Okay. - I have to study.
Why is the teacher...
Why does the teacher look like a high school student?
She's a high school student.
- Could they all be idiots? - All of them should learn from her.
Hee Chul just forced it.
- She might not know anything. - I think she needs to learn more.
Does she know a lot?
(Kyung Hoon must show mixed emotions as he has a crush on Ji Sun.)
(Glancing)
- You're... - Why are you laughing?
- Why are you laughing? - Your gaze is so uneasy.
This is what it's like with the new generation.
Is Kyung Hoon playing an antagonist?
What kind of feeling are you trying to portray?
- Is he the school bully? - No one can relate.
Is Kyung Hoon a boss or something?
It's raining. We have to hurry.
(The rain started to fall hard.)
(It's an unexpected situation.)
Cut.
Cut. Okay. Good.
(Shin Dong is working hard even in the harsh weather.)
- Let's go with this. - Good shot, good shot.
Our strength is that we shoot very fast.
- Shin Dong is... - You're really fast.
a celebrity too, so he only shoots the cuts we need.
- I agree. - He hates being delayed.
Scene 6, take 1.
- It looks so pretty. - Action!
- The weather helped us. - The skies helped you.
- It makes it moody. - It was perfect.
(Hee Chul and Ji Sun run into gangsters in an alley.)
(Blocking)
- They don't touch you these days. - They're wearing suits.
(Hee Chul is acting like he's scared and doesn't know what to do.)
Cut, okay.
- We'll do it from the other side. - Your face was excellent.
(Shin Dong is satisfied.)
I'm used...
to getting hit...
by Ho Dong in the waiting room.
I tried to remember those times.
I thought of Ho Dong while I was shooting.
I don't need a microphone here.
We're recording sound simultaneously.
We'll go.
Action!
(He's giving his all to tumble and fall.)
(Actual footage from the shoot)
(He must keep his emotions constant during a long take.)
You're so good!
It's Kim Byung Ok.
Who?
- Kim Byung Ok. - I was wondering what it was.
- Kim Byung Ok. - I was wondering where it was from.
(Marveling)
I almost cried while looking at the camera.
(Hee Chul is putting up an excellent performance.)
We'll take a full shot of the same thing.
This is Sang Min's first appearance.
We should have made him take off that hat!
I took it off starting from the next cut.
You look like Lee Deok Hwa in that fishing show.
(Are you Lee Deok Hwa?)
Is this music video low budget?
- Yes, it's low budget. - You look like a realtor.
The lighting is...
That? I did that on purpose.
(Giggling)
Okay. Rolling.
Kyung Hoon, in!
(Sang Min suggests Kyung Hoon to return back to their gang.)
Sang Min, in!
(He's asking for a handshake.)
You should have played scissors.
(Sang Min is ordering his underling before leaving.)
Those legs look amazing.
Okay. We'll go straight in.
It looks professional. It does.
I have to say, "What are you talking about?"
Then you slap his face.
Let's see. Like this.
No. Here.
We'll cut and shoot again,
so don't worry.
(Laughing)
I'm scared...
What happened? What happened to you?
Let me see.
I said, let me see.
(He can't stop laughing.)
- This is too funny. - Are you getting beat up?
Are you stupid?
I said, are you stupid?
(He is acting passionately.)
"Are you stupid?"
"He is not my father."
I said, are you stupid?
Are you really going to shoot like this?
Hold on.
You little! How dare you!
(She is getting mad at his horrible acting.)
I'm scared.
- We'll start. - Okay.
(After a long time has passed...)
Cut 1, take 4.
How dare you do that to your older brother?
Kyung Hoon.
Sit down.
Don't hit Kyung Hoon.
(He successfully executes an emotional facial expression.)
(I'm sorry, Kyung Hoon.)
- Cut. Okay. - Great.
Okay.
(He's getting better at acting.)
His acting is improving.
- It's over. - They complimented each other...
for a warm ending.
This is where it gets interesting. Watch closely.
This is Kyung Hoon's action scene.
(This is where Kyung Hoon's action scene will take place.)
Action.
(After winning the fight, Kyung Hoon warns Sang Min.)
(Kicking)
- What was that? - That's good acting.
Don't ever come find me again.
- The shin. - He kicked in the shin.
(He leaves after a warning.)
(Something looks awkward.)
Cut. Kyung Hoon, your walking is like this.
(Wiggling)
I'm excited because I won.
(He is logical!)
Did you analyze the story?
He's excited after winning the fight.
He analyzed the script.
We'll take it from the front. Just go like this.
Rolling.
(Sang Min is back to see Kyung Hoon with his men.)
The action scene is pretty good.
(Actual footage from the shoot)
Go, go, go!
Take him down.
Go get him! Go!
(They're all working together for the shoot.)
(The fight choreography looked awkward at first,)
(but Kyung Hoon is almost flying now.)
- That's good. - He's Donnie Yen.
Action.
He's good.
(He is able to perform difficult action scenes.)
All Kyung Hoon did was run. The other guy did it by himself.
No, no.
Take two.
(This is today's last action scene.)
(Following "Coward" and "Sweet Dream",)
(this is his signature turning kick.)
- Good work! - Good work!
- Is it over? - Yes.
(Good job)
Good job.
- Good work! - Good work!
Good work.
(Everyone performed enthusiastically for the "Aftereffect" music video.)
(Also, the unreleased footages from their last shoot...)
("Aftereffect" by Min Kyung Hoon and Kim Hee Chul)
Great.
- That was so cool. - That was our first contestant.
(Team Coward of the Universe is celebrating.)
- It's a masterpiece. - Yes, it is.
Number one.
(Team Coward of the Universe is number 1.)
Okay. At this timing,
let's listen to the song of Coward of the Universe,
coming back after a year.
It's time to listen to the sentimental ballad song...
of the two men suffering from the aftereffects of love.
- Please give them a big hand. - Please show us.
(They will sing "Aftereffect" live.)
(Brother School Film Contest)
("Aftereffect" by Coward of the Universe)
I love the song!
(I don't know why I was so harsh)
(We are strangers now)
(Oh goodbye long goodbye)
(The more I love you The more it hurts)
(The longing became deeper)
(It continues to torture me)
(Long goodbye)
(Coward of the Universe came back with deeper sentiments.)
(He's dumbfounded.)
(They're deeply touched.)
(Even the opposing teams applaud their amazing live performance.)
- That was amazing. - They're going to win.
It's really lovely.
Coward of the Universe.
- You are amazing. - Kyung Hoon should sing.
- I know. - You should just sing.
You become a very serious person when you sing.
- My goodness. - Let's clear the stage.
(Brother School Film Contest)
- Coming up next is Team Two's... - The song was amazing.
music video shoot of "Can't I?".
I am curious about it.
- Your voice was so beautiful. - My goodness.
I am going to make Yeong Cheol look amazing.
Who would take care of him if not me?
(Director Song Eun I is full of love.)
(And the actor is waiting here.)
They're calling him an actor.
(The music video shoot began under the dazzling light.)
- What? - It's Wheesung.
- Is it Yeong Cheol? - That's not fair!
(Why are they surprised?)
- What? - What?
What?
(The original singer of "Can I" is here!)
(It's Wheesung.)
(He's shocked.)
- What? - How can you do this?
How can you do this?
How can you get Wheesung?
(Can't Wheesung come out on my music video?)
(She's excited.)
Please keep the ad-libs coming.
(Okay!)
- What's this? - Wheesung is good.
This is amazing.
- It's Wheesung. - Will he come here?
Is Wheesung your secret help?
- Wheesung is in the music video. - That's unfair.
This is like hitting us in the back of our heads.
We hit you in the back of your heads.
Okay.
(He finished it in one cut.)
(Eun I is genuinely amused by him.)
You should've been the male lead character.
You look too handsome.
- When I... - This is cheating.
looked at him in the monitor,
I wanted to just keep shooting him.
- This is Wheesung's music video. - That's how I felt.
- Yeong Cheol. - Isn't he too impactful?
He should've been the lead actor.
- Doesn't he look like a lead actor? - He's amazing, isn't he?
- He's amazing. - He's great, isn't he?
(His jawline is amazing.)
- All right. - Look at the charisma.
(Everyone is amazed by his sharp jawline.)
- My goodness. - He could cut us with that.
I know. He's amazing.
(When the music plays,)
(he gathers his energy...)
(and shouts.)
(He's good!)
(Go, Wheesung!)
(He perfectly hits each note.)
(Because of love)
That sounded so annoying.
Okay. Cut.
(Yeong Cheol's soul is so different from Wheesung's soul.)
That was good. Wheesung's part is done.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- That's such a big favor. - Thank you.
He saved it.
- Thank you. - Thank you so much.
Before we change the angle,
Yeong Cheol will sit there.
Okay.
What do we do?
Will he suddenly change to Yeong Cheol?
Yes.
I love the idea. Love the idea.
You are the extreme ends.
(They're in the same space, but they look very different.)
Is it too frustrating?
- Two. - Show me the angle.
(Eun I is planning the camera angle to make him look less bad.)
We should get it in one go.
- Yes. - There should be no delay.
(The lead actor is distracted.)
Yeong Cheol. Yeong Cheol. Yeong Cheol!
Okay.
Can I put the coffee here?
- Don't move. - Okay.
Yeong Cheol, why are you drinking coffee?
(He sips the coffee.)
This coffee is really good.
Please take the coffee away from him.
(She shakes her head.)
This can never happen in Hollywood, can it?
This is the first scene, and I'm already sick of him.
(She's sick of his face.)
Let's do this.
This is only the first scene. Why is it so funny?
(It's a music video about the clumsy hero Yeong Cheol...)
(who can't do anything well.)
It's not too bad when he's slightly covered by the curtain.
Yes.
Yeong Cheol will change into different characters.
Yeong Cheol.
(The first clumsy hero he will be...)
(is a member of Kimsman, not Kingsman.)
Manner maketh man.
Sit here, Yeong Cheol.
All right.
- Here. - Here?
- Please. - Okay. Thank you very much.
And...
Shut your mouth, please.
No. Nice to meet you. I am Colin Firth.
No?
(Today's scene-stealer is here.)
He's here.
Jang Hoon is here.
Hello.
Hello, Jang Hoon.
(The director greets him.)
You don't have to be so formal to me.
- We have a cameo. - He's our great actor.
Mr. Seo.
(He's Leonardo SeoCaprio.)
Action. Look back.
(The shoot resumes.)
That's it.
Manner maketh man.
Is this a punishment?
Do I have to hear that all day long?
Is the angle okay?
(Director Song is worried about the angle again.)
- Eun I looks different. - I know.
- She looks amazing. - She's doing that there too.
I know.
I wanted to make him look as great as possible.
But I ended up cursing a few times at the shoot.
- Really? - I couldn't stop myself.
(Every crew member including the director is busy.)
This is real whisky.
Just kidding.
That idiot.
It's better to dress up as a girl and walk around the street.
(Staying with Yeong Cheol all day is harder than being punished.)
This is so tough.
He won't stop talking.
(He's satisfied.)
He likes it.
(Shut your mouth.)
I will hit you.
Look as if you want to...
hit Yeong Cheol.
- You can handle it, right? - I can.
Okay. Good. Very good. Excellent. One more time.
He's Samuel L. Jackson.
Is he Samuel L. Jackson's character from "Kingsman"?
Ready. Cue.
Can you grind your teeth?
(Grinding his teeth)
(They are impressed.)
Kim Yeong Cheol.
(His rage towards Yeong Cheol is actually real.)
- Min So Hee. - Cut.
Action.
(Seomuel L. Jackson is a genius actor.)
(He improvises it.)
(She's satisfied.)
Cheers.
(He finishes every scene in one go.)
That's good.
Next is the action scene.
It's your first ever action scene.
It's Yeong Cheol's first action scene.
(He practiced hard with K-Tigers.)
(I've been waiting for this day.)
Director Song...
Wait.
(To replicate the action scene of "Kingsman",)
(Yeong Cheol practiced hard,)
(and they got an action camera.)
Director Song really cherishes Yeong Cheol.
She tried so hard to make it look amazing.
She put a lot of effort into it.
(She checks the angle.)
(He pretends to throw something at Yeong Cheol.)
(He falls backwards.)
You are really terrible at acting.
How will we do this?
Don't move your whole torso.
Just move your head.
- It's very important. - Seomuel L. Jackson.
- Who is she? - Is she Wonder Woman?
- Is she Wonder Woman? - Is it a man or a woman?
- Is it a woman? - Is it a lady?
(She will make this fight scene serious.)
It's Taemi.
She cast a lot of people.
(She's an action film actress from K-Tigers...)
(who was a national Taekwondo athlete in 2007.)
It's the scene where Yeong Cheol gets beaten up.
She really asked us to beat him well. Let's do that.
Don't beat me up.
Think about why you are here today.
(She reminds them what they are here for.)
Action.
(Beat him up!)
(They kick him ruthlessly.)
(Worried about his friend, he can't control his facial expression.)
They are really hitting me.
(He screams.)
Cut.
They are really hitting me.
(He deserves the Oscars.)
Why don't we do it one more time?
(He suggests that they do one more take.)
Everyone agreed.
(The second clumsy hero he will be...)
(is Thar, not Thor.)
- Is he Thor? - They prepared a lot of things.
- What's that? - He's doing everything alone.
It's like a parody.
You look like Thor, Yeong Cheol.
What have you done to me?
You look like Chris Hemsworth.
I'm Thor.
(He's filled with confidence.)
- I will... - Let's do that later.
He looks like Ae Sook dressed up as a man.
(He actually does.)
Who is that?
- He's my older sister. - His sister.
My sister has been on TV.
(The day of the shoot, it was still very cold.)
It's so cold.
Stretch your arm like this.
That's it. You have to stretch your body completely.
The crew should stand here.
Why are you wearing mine?
- The making film will be funny. - That's mine.
I planned the storyboard exclusively for the making film.
(The making film was more important for her.)
It's going to be fun.
When we start shooting, you have to move.
We're all set.
The camera is rolling.
Action.
- Please leave the frame. - Come on.
- This way. – This way.
- Hurry. - Hurry up.
Just keep rolling the camera.
All right.
You can't come out yet!
Come on!
It was so cold.
Let's do it again.
- My gosh. - Let's do it again.
Come on.
Why would you come out?
(Why would you come out?)
My gosh! Is this your first-time shooting?
Shouldn't he take off his glasses?
Take off your glasses.
Why am I wearing the glasses?
We have to do it again because of the glasses.
- It's so cold. - It wasn't my fault.
Let's do it again.
- We didn't go outside at all. - Is Thor wearing glasses...
because he can't see?
- Yes. - The green screen.
Be careful.
(They bring out a huge green screen.)
Where will we install the wind machine?
Are they using a wind machine in that weather?
Yes. He had to fly.
It must've been so cold.
Eun I, it better be good.
Look at his face.
Turn on the wind machine.
The wind machine.
- His hair. - Your hair.
Make sure you get the hair.
- You can shoot that indoors. - Right.
- Why would you... - I know.
- Look at his face. - Shush. Be quiet.
(She hushes him.)
Why didn't we shoot it indoors?
- You could shoot it indoors. - Couldn't we do it indoors?
It takes time to move.
Do it.
- That's it. - That's it.
(They shoot the flying scene from the back.)
Why did you get his face when you're showing his back?
I'm coming to find justice!
You will avenge Eun I!
You will kill her when you catch her!
(Yeong Cheol continued to move without arriving anywhere.)
(He got his makeup fixed.)
You should grow your beard.
(Jang Hoon suggests that he grows his beard.)
With a beard,
your mouth doesn't stand out.
When I say action, gather your energy...
and raise your arm. The light.
What is Thor doing? Is he hammering meat?
He's destroying Kang's Kitchen, isn't he?
- He is. - He is.
- Action. - He's destroying Kang's Kitchen.
Gather your energy.
(He growls.)
Raise your arm and hit it.
The light.
Strike it.
(Their chemistry shines anywhere.)
- Let's get Jang Hoon's cut first. - Okay.
- Please come. - All right.
(Is it finally my turn?)
Here's what we will do. When he lifts the meat up...
and looks at it, hit the back of his head.
Then Yeong Cheol can say "Can I?"
- Do I say it after I get hit? - Yes.
He looks like he's been waiting for this moment.
Please look at him as if he's pathetic.
- Okay. - Chef Seo.
Action.
(He's doing a method acting with his eyebrows.)
Can I?
- Cut. - Chef Seo is done.
- Am I finished? - Yes.
- Am I done with this outfit? - Yes.
- Was it only for this one cut? - Yes.
(By method-acting, he finished it in no time.)
You seem so happy.
I am happy and also...
Are you sad?
- Are you sad? - I am all right.
(The third clumsy hero he will be is...)
(Tambourine, not Wolverine.)
Hello. I am Wolverine's little brother, Tambourine.
(He's Tambourine.)
- I'm surprised. - They did a lot of things.
They worked really hard.
The scale of this project is big.
Where did Jang Hoon go? Where's Jang Hoon?
(Tambourine looks for Jang Hoon.)
- Let's start. - He finished it in one second.
Hello. I am Wolverine's little brother, Tambourine.
This is such a funny two shot.
(They make a visually stunning two shot.)
Jang Hoon even dressed up as a woman.
- They did so much. - He even dressed up as a woman.
(He tries to stay calm.)
He's pretty.
- He's pretty. - He does everything in the end.
I wanted to go home fast.
Now your roles have changed.
He's come to help you.
But he types with those claws.
(He will type with his Wolverine claws.)
- That's a fun idea. - It's unique.
What's that?
That's it.
Move your hands more.
You have to move your hands more.
(He's spaced out.)
It suits him, doesn't it?
He's good. He's a good actor.
Can you scratch your head with your claws?
(He scratches his head.)
Look embarrassed.
(He's self-conscious.)
- I am good at this. - That's it.
That's perfectly it.
Action.
Type slowly. Look at the paper from time to time.
Type and then look at the paper again.
Type again.
Jang Hoon gets frustrated and tell him to move.
(He's frustrated.)
Get out!
(He's surprised.)
You're embarrassed.
(He scratches his head.)
He's the best when he acts self-conscious.
He's really good. It looks real.
It really looks real.
- It looks real. - That's his best acting.
(Gosh!)
(He flips his hair.)
Jang Hoon is best at acting angry.
Yeong Cheol is the best at acting self-conscious.
(They are perfect partners.)
Let's shoot a close-up shot.
We should shoot a drama.
It's a shame it's only going to be a music video. It's too short.
Wolverine's body is so filthy.
(He realizes it only now.)
(Laughing)
He's not Wolverine. He's someone who's given up on his body.
- I've given up. - You've given up on your body.
Hugh Jackman is going to curse at me when he sees it.
(The fourth clumsy hero character he's playing is...)
(Doctor Stress.)
I get that we are close, but...
(Jang Hoon appears again.)
- Look at that costume. - The two of us were there.
I think they spent more money than we did.
We imported secondhand costumes.
Our crew found them online.
There it is.
This is your third single, isn't it?
It is.
Why do you keep releasing singles?
- I am so happy when I am on stage. - I understand that.
Jong Shin must've done something really wrong to him.
How could he write a song for him?
I have Jong Shin's adult video tape.
(Is that the secret?)
(Laughing)
I have Jong Shin's tape.
What are you talking about?
(That's really funny.)
- Are you serious? - Jang Hoon really laughed hard.
I'm serious.
Aren't you supposed to have a tape for every celebrity?
That's the funniest thing you said today.
(He loves the joke.)
I can't imagine Jong Shin being on an adult video.
I know his wife's secret too.
Let's start right away.
(When the shoot resumes, he becomes sullen again.)
It takes less than five seconds for him to get sullen again.
Where is the genius actor?
Please tell the acting prodigy to come out.
Leonardo SeoCaprio.
(Leonardo SeoCaprio appears.)
(They bow to him.)
Why did you dye your hair?
(Little K-Tigers are Jang Hoon's buddies for the day.)
(They are given the prop.)
- You can't eat it. - It's frozen.
Don't eat it.
Action. Get ready, Yeong Cheol.
Here we go.
- Eat it. - My goodness.
It's so awkward.
I shouldn't have criticized Kyung Hoon for his acting.
(Kyung Hoon is suddenly encouraged.)
(Jang Hoon is angry to see the dropped hot dog.)
How could you swear at me?
- I didn't swear at you. - He's ad-libbing.
- Cover your ears, kids. - It's a music video.
- I just said, "You little...". - Gosh.
- Cover your ears. - Are you sure?
- I just said, "You little...". - Don't listen to them.
- Let's eat the hot dog, guys. - Yes.
- It's fun time. - Why do you toast them with it?
(He is intimidated by Jang Hoon's great acting.)
Try to look intimidated and apologize to him.
I'm sorry.
- He is doing it again. - Did he say he's sorry?
(Being punished)
(Thump)
(The lights are off all of a sudden.)
- Why did he turn off the light? - Goodness.
- It's funny. - Gosh.
Cut.
- Why did the lights go off? - I don't know.
What did he do?
The lights went off.
My gosh.
(What a coincidence.)
- My goodness. - What's going on?
The power went out at that moment.
- Really? - Yes.
The power accidentally went out at the moment he bumped?
- Yes. Accidentally. - Really?
- Seriously? - I though Jang Hoon made it happen.
Please check out what is wrong.
- The power went out. - I'll go check it out.
He must be embarrassed.
It's not because I hit something, is it?
No, it's not. It's just a funny coincidence.
(He's confused.)
I used up everything I got here.
It's fun time. Let's enjoy your hot dog.
(Seo DiCaprio's great acting continues.)
- Good. - Gosh.
Cut. It's done.
It's done for Seo DiCaprio.
- Is it? - Yes.
Finally.
I didn't know he could smile that broadly.
- Good job. - Can I?
- Can I? - Can I?
It was great acting.
You did a good job.
- You were like Leonardo DiCaprio. - He was.
- Great job. - Thank you.
- It was so hard. - I know.
(An exhausting day is over now.)
- It was fun. Time flew by so fast. - It was a nice music video.
Now, the highlight is left.
She is here.
(She is the secrete weapon of Team Yeong Cheol.)
Did you shoot it here all day?
Who is it?
(Who is it?)
(Even her silhouette is beautiful.)
I think I came here at 10. Did I?
- It was beautiful - She bothered to come to help you.
(Surprised)
She's a big star.
Get lost.
(It's Uhm Jung Hwa.)
That would be too extravagant.
- Did it go well? - You received his call half-asleep.
She got my call in the morning and said, "Hi, Yeong Cheol."
- So I said, "Jung Hwa." - No, I was not like that.
(Who on earth is calling early in the morning?)
- Hi, Yeong Cheol. - Really?
And you said, "Get lost."
I'm wearing an outfit that suits the ice rink very well.
I think you'll look great. I'll take it for you.
I'll take it for you.
(Her outfit is revealed.)
This is it.
- We'll shoot the last scene. - Goodness.
- You look gorgeous. - We're wearing the same tone.
I appreciate that she gladly helped us.
- I really appreciate it. - She looks cool.
She is beautiful.
She is so beautiful.
Face each other.
Hold out your hands first, Jung Hwa.
Then Yeong Cheol. Look up together.
Rise.
(His legs are shaking.)
Darn it. That jerk.
- I was swearing in spite of myself. - That jerk.
- She is really beautiful. - Hold out your hands, Jung Hwa.
Hold her hands now, Yeong Cheol.
(Under the lead of the skillful veteran actress...)
Okay, cut.
(the shooting gets over without any problem.)
It goes like this. Why can't I?
- It's Wheesung at the beginning. - Wheesung sang the part.
No wonder that was so good.
Put on your clothes back, Jung Hwa. It's cold.
- I like the song. - Let me see...
Wheesung made it awesome.
(After turning around)
(Love hurts me so much)
I'll be off. Thank you.
(I'll take leave. Thank you.)
(Even after the last scene, the shooting continues.)
- Gosh. You must be cold. - It's okay.
- It should be chilly in the winter. - Right.
- Please continue until this part. - Gosh.
Too many people are suffering because of Yeong Cheol.
- Is that Momoland? - Gosh.
- Did Momoland come too? - My goodness.
- He tortured too many people. - My goodness.
- There are too many celebrities. - What's wrong with that?
I can ask many celebrities to join, can't I?
I like your funny dance.
We can use this part.
- Then can I cut here? - Yes.
Save this part.
(Little K-Tigers are waiting too.)
We can just shoot this part a couple of times.
- Gosh. - Oh, my goodness.
- What was that? - It must have cost a lot.
(Those in the studio are agitated once again.)
Was it computer graphic or something? Goodness.
(If the incredible, full-scale performance...)
(and the numerous cameo performances make you curious,)
(vote for Yeong Cheol by pressing number 2.)
That's not fair.
- My goodness. - The scale is huge.
Isn't the scale too big?
(Brother School Film Contest)
- Good luck. - Please give him a big hand.
- Go, Kim Yeong Cheol. - Go, "Can I?"
- Let's go. - Let's go.
(His highly anticipated music video...)
(makes people even more curious about his performance.)
- I like that vibes. - That's cool.
("Can I?" by Kim Yeong Cheol, featuring Wheesung)
His music video seems to be incredible.
(Something appears on the screen at the back of the stage.)
(And the competitors get nervous.)
Is that Wheesung?
(It starts with Wheesung's sorrowful voice.)
(Why can't I?)
- What the... - Goodness.
- My gosh. - It's cool.
(Can I?)
(Jumping)
[VIU Ver] E115 Knowing Brothers "Brother School's Film Contest Part. 2"
"Song Eun-yi, Yoo Se-yoon, Hong Jin-young"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
(It's coming.)
(Can I?)
(The dance of "Can I?" where you can't reach your hand.)
They can't reach their hands.
They can't.
(Blowing his top)
That's funny.
(Shaking a glass)
(Is this the end of it?)
(Why can't I when he can?)
(Can I not be the one forever?)
(Hitting high notes out of frustration)
(I can't reach.)
He can't reach his hand.
(Seriously. Can I?)
(Spinning)
- Gosh. - What did he do?
(He tries his best until the end.)
(Ta-da)
(It's exciting.)
- That was good. - It was fun.
We didn't watch the music video yet, but I bet the song will suit it.
As you saw, this is the signature dance move.
- You don't reach your hand. - You don't.
- Now... - Sit down, Yeong Cheol.
- It's the last team. - among the three teams...
- Can I? - You did a good job.
only Ho Dong's...
"Kicked My Lick Away" is left.
- Let's watch how they made it. - Let's watch.
Please press number three.
(Where Ho Dong's music video is filmed)
- Hello. - Hello.
- Hello. - The actors and actress...
are here already.
- What's its theme? - Its theme?
The lowest budget is the theme.
- The lowest budget? - Yes.
I'd rather say it's the extra tight budget.
(He'll spend extra tight budget.)
The extra tight budget?
- So you're here free of charge. - Due to the cost-effectiveness.
Sure.
So we'll shoot with cell phones.
I'll use mine too.
With cell phones?
- They shot it with so low budget. - Until that moment...
no one knew about the theme...
except for the director.
I think the two keywords are the luck and a foot.
I want to describe the luck with you.
- I represent good luck. - Right. You represent good luck...
on your own.
I'll make some special beat with feet.
So I invited feet dancers...
today.
I've never heard about feet dance.
It's so creative.
Creative indeed.
(Jin Young is amazed at the feet dance.)
I referred to the music video of Madonna's...
- "Vogue"... - I watched it too.
for ours.
- Okay. - So in the video...
- Is it famous? - Yes.
there is a dance like this in there.
- Madonna... - I know that.
- does something like this. - "Come on".
- That would be cool. - Jin Young...
and you will be...
doing that dance gracefully.
Cut. Change the light before we start again.
- Okay. - Is the special lighting ready?
- Yes. - Yes.
Okay.
Is that the special lighting?
- It's just a flashlight. - Shall I use this one too?
Okay try it. You mean this one?
- All right. Let's go. - What on earth is that?
- Hold the reflector. - It's a disposable dish.
(Using the aluminium foil dish as a reflector.)
Gosh. We look so poor.
They spent 1.60 dollars for that music video.
(It sure is an extra tight budget.)
- 1 dollars and 60 cents. - For the disposable dish.
Ready.
Good.
Ready, action.
(Can they do it like "Vogue" with the cheap equipment?)
(At least her facial expression is that of Madonna.)
I like the vibes a lot.
(She is so serious.)
Gosh. It's scary.
I was also scared while shooting it.
- What were you doing? - I don't know.
It was like I was in a butcher's shop.
You're moving too fast.
There you go. Try to feel it.
(Slow moves of the hands are the key point.)
Caress your left cheek with your right hand.
- There you go. That's "Vogue". - Good.
Good.
(Her hand moves and the lighting look quite nice.)
That's it.
- Am I done? - Yes.
Ho Dong, Soo Geun. It's your turn.
(It's Ho Dong and Soo Geun's turn now.)
- Did you wash your feet? - I washed them thoroughly.
(Soo Geun appears barefoot.)
- They are fragrant. - Shall I use this one?
They are fragrant, aren't they?
(Sniffing)
- I think they stink. - They don't.
(Why does he smell Soo Geun's feet?)
Will they shoot his feet?
- It's so creative. - Since it's "Kicked My Luck Away".
If it had been Jang Hoon, he would have gone home...
because he didn't like the idea.
(His silence means yes.)
Gosh. Director Yoo.
I'm shooting my first scene after waiting for three hours,
so I feel really good.
Nice to see you, Soo Geun.
- Nice to see you too. - Jin Young...
The music will be played now.
The pants... Why don't you take off your pants?
I think it would be better without the pants.
Bare skin would be better.
(Taking them off right away)
Soo Geun takes off clothes so easily.
(He's not reluctant to reveal his bare skin at all.)
- He takes them off immediately. - Gosh.
- Do you like it this way? - Are there shorts?
He's the world champion in taking off pants.
- Director Yoon. - What is that?
Why did you tell me to wear a suit?
- Take it back. - His suit is not showing.
- Wearing a suit... - It's not showing anyway.
- I don't understand. - Soo Geun, your feet got dirty.
What if my face is infected?
Do you think my feet are poisonous or something?
(Soo Geun didn't know he has such feet.)
Do you?
Let's start shooting.
Action.
The moves of the feet look natural now.
That's good.
(Rubbing hard)
(Now, the chorus will start soon.)
His feet are acting good like DiCaprio.
(The feet express the beat of the electronic dance music.)
- Kick it. - Kicked my luck away.
(Kicking the face.)
(He keeps kicking the luck recklessly.)
(Ho Dong sobs while singing.)
- He's gladly kicking it. - Well...
He's fully using that chance.
- Kick him once more. - Kick his head one more time.
(I kicked my luck)
(Away!)
(Kicking him hard)
(Feeling sorry)
(Applauding for their nice acting using their bodies.)
That's funny.
Try this pose.
He is posing to the last moment.
- It hurt, didn't it? - Wonderful.
The acting with the feet was great.
(Succeeding in shooting the first scene)
That's not a music video.
It's rather a comedy skit.
A music video should be fun too.
(A music video is something fun too.)
(They're shooting the group dance now.)
Let's start. We're recording this time.
Why should we be wearing underpants?
Because I want to put more emphasis on your feet.
Then can I hitch them up a little more?
Are we wearing these outfits to show our feet?
- Yes. - Gosh.
Could you pull them down a little bit?
(Glancing)
That looks nice, Soo Geun.
- Just a little bit. - Good. That's okay.
- Is it okay? - Yes.
- That looks good. - Do you want me to help you?
- Tuck it in. - It's so funny.
(Let me see.)
- Like this? - I need a string like that.
- Gosh. You startled me. - What is it?
(He must have seen something unbelievable.)
He is suspicious. Goodness.
It must be a prank cam.
I'm sure Sae Yoon is doing this for a prank cam.
(Ho Dong suspect that it's a prank cam.)
He kept saying that it was a prank cam.
- I did think it was. - He did.
If this is a prank cam, you're going to get beat by me.
(Shaking with terror)
Those who shoot you with cell phones are not your fans.
Don't stop them from shooting.
This is my camera crew.
(The camera crew is holding cell phones.)
Gosh. I've never seen this kind of shooting.
- He hates being filmed with phones. - Is this your way of doing it?
That's what Ho Dong hates the most.
He really hates it.
This is not a baseball game.
What's going on?
- But is it a man-to-man defense? - Is he going to film me?
Let's begin shooting. Ready, action.
- They're for one shots. - Well...
Get ready.
(Don't be confused. They're not their big fans.)
Hey. Come on.
They really look like fans.
(This is what a man-to-man shooting looks like.)
They're filming their faces.
(They're hard-working cameramen, not their fans.)
Swag.
(Impressed)
(The scenes from the individual cameras)
It's time to kick now. Kick.
Kick him hard.
(Wrapping up the scene with a kick)
Cut.
(The camera crew is receding.)
Okay. Ho Don, you stay here.
(Ho Dong keeps feeling weird about this situation.)
The three of you take some rest.
I want to change.
(While they're taking some rest...)
- The quality is quite high. - You can put on your pants.
(the staff is installing something on the set.)
- Do you want me to raise it? - Yes.
(Is he installing a cell phone there?)
- It's for drone shots. - Is it a crane shot?
It's for drone shots.
(Are you saying that is for drone shots?)
- It is dull for a prank cam. - Please raise it higher.
There would be something more bizarre if it were a prank cam.
- Hey. Isn't this bizarre enough? - Well...
Something even a little more bizarre.
Is Yeong Cheol shooting now too?
They say there are so many people there.
- What? - So many people are shooting his.
- Move over there. - Over there.
(The cell phone is taking off like a drone.)
Look.
- Is that for crane shots? - Yes.
Is it going to move like a drone?
Jang Hoon will film a drone shot later...
like this.
(laughing)
(Seo Jang Hoon, a drone that's 207cm tall)
Jang Hoon is tall enough to shoot that.
(Mr. Drone who can also act)
Is he playing a drone?
If this is a prank cam, I'll beat that guy first.
- That guy? - I don't know him well, but...
He is one of the staff.
He was really nervous.
You guys are doing a great job so far.
- What did he say? - We're almost there.
- "You're doing a good job." - "You're doing well."
"You're doing a good job"?
Pleas stay in the center.
- Do I look up like this at the end? - Yes.
- Yes. - Five seconds before it ends.
(The ending scene is a drone shot.)
The song is too good to be wasted on a prank cam.
Okay, ready. Action.
Kick!
(The drone shot looks quite nice.)
(Amazed)
Goodness.
Let's rather not kick.
(It might be a prank cam indeed.)
What did she say?
You're so suspicious...
that the dancer here said...
that it might be a prank cam lying on the floor.
She may have said that because you were so suspicious.
It's because he was kicking like a girl.
All she did for her life was dance.
She didn't know anything about a prank cam at all.
Please wave the the curtain over there.
(Is a camera hidden here?)
You stay after the shooting too.
(He wants to scold them if it really is a prank cam.)
(Slowly approaching)
(He goes to check just in case.)
This is hilarious.
(Is it hidden here?)
(Embarrassed)
He is continuously suspicious.
- He really suspected. - I didn't know that.
Did he really go check it out?
Because there was no camera at all.
- He did suspect it. - Right.
As he had to do weird things.
They're too tight.
- Let's use a train. - Okay.
- A train? - Yes. Take some rest for a moment.
- They're using a train? - Get ready for a train shot.
- A train shot? - Gosh.
(They bring railways for a toy train.)
- I don't understand. - How does it work?
- Is that a train shot? - Unbelievable.
(Confused)
- Jae Won. - A cell phone is on the train.
(How will the train shot turn out?)
- It's too slow. - For goodness' sake.
I was sure that it was a prank cam when I saw that train.
(Ho Dong was sure of it when he saw the train.)
I don't understand what kind of shot it is.
- A train shot. - Let's start filming a train shot.
- It's a train shot. - A train shot.
I'm dumbfounded.
It really is a train shot.
Let's start shooting the Thomas shot.
The shooting process is so funny.
Action.
(The train shot begins...)
(and they burst into laughter.)
(Why did they crack up to see the train shot?)
(Crawling)
(From Thomas' viewpoint)
- It does look like a prank cam. - It's not that bad.
That looks not bad at all.
(Ho Dong looks like a baby now.)
(Ho Dong is on 4 limbs on a variety show for the 1st time ever.)
- He still tries very hard. - I don't look like a human.
(The train is much slower than expected.)
- He is on four limbs. - This is crazy.
- Gosh. This is hilarious. - It is?
Where is it going?
Why does it capture us?
It keeps spinning.
Where is it going?
Why does it capture us?
- The camera... - Goodness.
(He's flustered.)
(Thomas keeps spinning again and again.)
It keeps spinning.
You got it. Keep spinning.
Good. It's good now.
He's trying his best.
It's filming his nostril.
(We're currently filming Kang Ho Dong's "Kicked My Luck Away".)
(He's trying hard.)
(What am I doing right now?)
Good.
- Cut. - Cut.
Cut.
- The train shot's good. - Okay.
Thomas is good. Thomas is good.
(He's not okay.)
(Ho Dong, Jin Young, and Hye Ryun's group shot)
Go.
(Jimmy Jib on a selfie stick)
- Jimmy Jib? - Jimmy Jib.
It's comedy.
It's hard to control.
We connected five selfie sticks.
(It's a combination of 5 selfie sticks.)
(Risky)
- No! - The idea is good.
(What happened to the selfie stick Jimmy Jib?)
What?
(Jimmy Jib is dead 5 minutes after the shooting.)
(The last scene)
(Jimmy Jib is done here.)
I think they got all the core scenes.
(Finally they begin shooting in the last studio.)
(Director Yoo is washing his feet.)
Ho Dong. It's going to be...
difficult from now on.
We're almost done.
We have two scenes left.
- We're going to use our feet. - Me?
- Us. - Okay.
We're going to slap you.
(We're going to slap you with our feet.)
(Goodness.)
I think it's American pranks you watch on every holiday.
- At the end... - I know, right?
- Right. - Right.
They go like this at the end.
Oh, my gosh.
(Ho Dong will be slapped with feet and spout water in his mouth.)
Ready.
(First take)
Action.
How could you do this to me?
(Slapping)
(Smash)
(Chuckling)
- Cut. - Was it good?
- Was it good? - I slapped too high.
Was it good though?
(The pain comes late.)
- Was it good? - It was good.
He hit my temple. I felt dizzy.
I moved a bit.
If you watch in the high-speed camera, my eyes will be turned back.
(Checking with the high-speed camera)
Does he spout water?
- It was good. - It was good.
If it's a prank, are you going to kill me?
Yes.
I'll kill you.
(He's scared.)
This isn't a prank.
- This isn't. - Even if it is,
it has to be real now.
(Even if it is a prank, it has to be real now.)
Change all the plans.
(Sae Yoon is able to continue his life.)
"It has to be real now."
Even if it isn't a prank, he'll die.
(Even if it isn't a prank, he'll die.)
How could you do this to me?
(It's a miss.)
(Whatever. Let me do it again.)
(Director Yoo's second crisis)
(He's so shocked that he can't even say anything.)
- I was so scared. - You have to get it at once.
Ho Dong. I was too scared to do it.
(Sae Yoon finally realizes.)
I was nervous.
Ho Dong.
(He's dizzy.)
- Something to tie. - Hold on.
He's shocked.
(Director Yoo's in fear of his life.)
- I'll use the previous one. - Be confident.
I'm so scared.
Get it at once. You have to hit me right.
Let's get it at once.
He wasn't satisfied.
- He wants to try it again. - Yes.
I was grateful that he volunteered to try it again.
- As a director. - Did you slap me right this time?
- Action. - How could you do this to me?
(Slapping)
(Will they succeed this time?)
Come here.
Ho Dong.
- Good. - My goodness.
- It was good. - Didn't you hit me with your heel?
What do you mean it's good?
- It was good. - It was good. Okay.
(The camera director runs away.)
(Something to tie please.)
I hear a beep.
It's a disaster text.
"Disaster text."
Because of fine dust.
You sit here. I'll show you.
(Shivering)
(Sit here, Sae Yoon.)
Okay.
- Good job. - Give me a round of applause.
(Everyone claps.)
- Kang Ho Dong. - Yes.
- Kang Ho Dong. - Kang Ho Dong.
- Strongest man, Kang Ho Dong. - Kang Ho Dong.
It's nothing. You can do it too.
(You can do it too.)
- What is that? - What is that?
- Out of nowhere. - Is he running a campaign?
What are they doing?
(Preparing for the last scene)
Let me explain.
There will be feet around your face...
and hit you along the beat.
You just have to lip-sync insensitively.
- I'm totally fine. Go as you want. - Okay.
Good luck.
(He said it bravely, but he's nervous.)
You're so cool, Kang Ho Dong.
- Please pay attention. - You're so cool.
(Director Yoo's monitoring.)
- The angle is really funny. - I know.
- I can't see his ears. - Are you ready?
(His ears are gone.)
- It's so funny. - His ears.
- The cameras are ready. - Okay.
"Kicked My Luck Away".
(First take)
Lived as I feel like.
(Slapping)
(Glancing)
(Laughing)
Why did you glance at her? Why?
He slapped so hard.
- Goodness. - That hurt.
(He's embarrassed.)
I put on red manicure. Should I do it?
- Really? Do you want to? - Is it okay?
Try.
Let me try.
(Jin Young joins after washing her feet.)
I'll slap him hard at once, or Ho Dong will be too tired.
- You have to use your feet. - Of course.
- Don't use the heels. - That's it.
- Good. - Goodness.
Good.
We'll just do it without you.
No. Otherwise, you'll have to take more shots.
I'll finish it at once.
(Thump)
- She's good. - She's good.
- It's the last. - Okay.
Music please.
Relax. Ho Dong. Relax.
(Murmuring)
(Everyone's nervous.)
(Music starts.)
1, 2, 3, 4.
(Director Yoo keeps the beat.)
Lived as I feel like
(Jin Young concentrates without laughing.)
Kicked my luck away
(Finally it's the last scene.)
(The attack is harder than before.)
Ho Dong. Get out through them.
(Groaning)
(He fails to escape.)
(Laughing)
(Ho Dong's sacrifice creates the best scene.)
- That's awesome. - That's awesome.
- You're amazing. - Your face turned red.
(The shooting ends with an applause.)
(Jin Young stayed with them until the end.)
(He's spaced out.)
Clap.
(Clap!)
(Kang Ho Dong is the best!)
Everyone, worship Kang Ho Dong.
- Are you okay? - It's hilarious.
- Good job. - Good job.
- Thank you so much, Jin Young. - Thank you.
- Thank you so much. - Good job.
- I'm so grateful. - It's nothing.
- You're amazing. - Thank you for contacting me.
- It wasn't a prank. - No.
To be honest,
I don't think we'll keep the train shot.
(We won't keep the train shot.)
It wasn't stable.
That's when I was sure it was a prank.
I don't think we can keep it.
- Good job, everyone. - Good job.
- Good job. - Good job.
(Ho Dong's "Kicked My Luck Away" music video is completed.)
(Splendid choreography)
(Hilarious comedy)
("Kicked My Luck Away" is coming soon.)
You did a great job.
- It's pretty good. - Yes.
It's brilliant and cool.
- Everyone had a good idea. - Right.
So we watched the making film of the last team.
Lee Sang Min had to leave due to another schedule...
- Unwillingly. - unwillingly.
I hope you understand.
Let's meet the new singer, Kang Ho Dong.
Let's bring him to the stage.
(He appears ambitiously like a rookie.)
He's a great dancer.
(Brother School Film Contest)
("Kicked My Luck Away" by Kang Ho Dong)
(Double swag)
(Everyone's excited.)
Kang Ho Dong!
(New singer Kang Ho Dong's ambitious dance)
- Good. - Good.
New singer Kang Ho Dong!
(Launching stylishness)
It's not.
(It's fun.)
Good.
(He's on fire.)
- All right. - That's good.
(The stage explodes with swagger.)
(Getting kicked)
(Acting cute)
That was cute.
- That was cute. - What's going on?
It's so adorable.
- 1, 2. - Cutie.
He's so good.
(Living life, living life)
(Sure isn't easy)
(Now, it's time to take courage)
(And live to the fullest)
(I kicked my luck away)
(You can only dance to the exciting beat.)
He's so good.
(I kicked my luck away)
(All right, let's go.)
(Full of swagger)
(I kicked my luck away)
(It's an elaborate finish.)
- What was that? - Amazing.
- He did an amazing job. - Gosh. Amazing.
(Amazing)
- Was that an illusion? - There you go.
(Screeching)
- All right. - That was good.
(It's the cry of a regrettable man who kicked his luck away.)
All right. We got it.
(Even the wrap-up is impressionable.)
- Good work. - Good work.
- That was the best. - Kang Ho Dong's team...
had a ton of their budget left. They spent it on firecrackers.
- That was awesome. - Don't get the wrong impression.
- What do you think? - Instead of just being funny,
he took it very seriously. It had a huge effect.
He's now been a wrestler, a show host,
- and now a singer. - A pop artist.
- A singer now too. - A wrestling host singer.
In fact, because...
he shares the same genre with Kim Yeong Cheol.
- That's right. - There's quite a competition.
How do you feel after hearing the song, Yeong Cheol.
I think my singing far exceeds his.
- Is that the end? - All right.
- Now, presently, - What's going on?
His comment is over?
- It's really over? - That's a good wrap up.
We're taking real-time votes off our main website.
Please turn in your valuable votes, everyone.
- All right. - Now, it's time...
to view the winning music video.
- That's right. - But, unfortunately,
all the other music videos will be made available later...
at 11pm tonight online.
But the winning team, will get their music video...
- fully featured live on stage. - The full version?
- It's worth doing. - That's really amazing.
But we need to decide on the order of things.
But usually, teams that perform first...
have the advantage in real-time votes.
- Really? - They might press it first.
Because more votes can be expended earlier?
Therefore, if the three teams...
can decide on the order, we'll follow through.
The game that has been chosen for this purpose...
is "Gather the Glitters".
- With motivation. - While chanting.
- The glitter. - Whoever cleans the best.
If you bring the total figure back to us...
You collaborate so well on my wordplay.
- Fist bump. - Fist bump.
It's all about the team that brings back the most glitter.
- For us... - Do you have some for us?
- Where are you going? - Since it's Lunar New Year's Day,
let's play a traditional game.
Let's base it on whoever tosses an object closest to a line.
- Sure. - You could've said that sitting.
- My clothes got caught. - All right.
We'll be tossing beverage caps.
- Up to this line. - Since we don't have much time,
- we'll have one person up each. - Just one person each.
- The directors should go first. - Yes, the directors.
- You should do it. - Please stand over here.
The directors should do it.
Up here, please.
- Stand over here. - Over there.
- And toss up to that white line. - Okay.
- The directors will be doing it. - Please take a seat.
- What? - It'll be the directors tossing.
(He scrambles to his seat.)
I kicked my luck away
- They're doing it. - Toss it to this white line please.
Each director, please step up.
Who will be tossing first?
- I'll go for it. - All right.
Aim for the white line. It's where I'm standing.
Just do it.
(He gives it a light toss.)
(The first toss already gets pretty close.)
- He's good. - Nice shot.
- He looks confident. - I'm terrible at such games.
- You can't show the countdown? - I can.
This will be my third.
- All right. - I'm terrible at such games.
- Let's go, Eun I. - Pushing is allowed, right?
- Pushing is allowed, right? - What's going on?
(Bouncing off)
Kim Yeong Cheol Team's Eun I is leading right now.
- You're really something. - We'll go first.
Gosh.
Yes.
(Knee kicking)
- I kicked my luck away - I kicked my luck away
- He totally ruined it. - My goodness.
You have the right to choose, Eun I.
In which order should we play your work?
- Where in the order? - I'll...
be a bit ambitious and pick first.
- First? - Yes.
Okay, now Kim Yeong Cheol...
and Eun I are first.
Who's next? It's Sae Yoon.
- We will... - No, don't.
Hey, Sae Yoon.
(Discussing feverishly)
- We will... - You're not choosing third, right?
- Yes? - Gosh.
- He was dead on. - Since we're group three,
- we'll choose third. - But we did warn you.
Going sooner might be a bit more favorable.
- But if we go second... - It might be confusing.
It might be confusing. We'll choose to go third.
Then, going second naturally goes to Shin Dong.
The order begins with Kim Yeong Cheol,
then Min Kyung Hoon, and finishes with Kang Ho Dong.
We'll be showing...
- just exactly half of the video. - Yes, only the first half.
But we have...
- such a big twist. - Only the winning team...
will get to show the full version today.
But the first half of your video...
We have a lot of surprises hidden in the second half.
- It's time for the first team. - Gosh.
We'll beseeing Eun I's video featuring Yeong Cheol.
- "Can I?". - "Can I?".
Let us view it all together.
We're second.
What's going on?
That's Uhm Jung Hwa's first cover picture.
Oh, gosh.
I'll be there right away.
("Can I?")
(Expressing surprise)
- It's like a 90's film. - It's slightly childish.
Wheesung should have been here.
This is so dramatic.
He's the highlight of this music video.
He's in quite a few scenes.
- He's featured a lot. - He's in too many scenes.
- Isn't he a good actor? - Yes, he is.
(Feeling proud)
What's going on?
- This is so much fun. - This is good.
That looks awesome.
Gosh.
No, this part should've came out.
- Uhm Jung Hwa. - This is the limit.
When does Uhm Jung Hwa come out?
- How is it? - Vote for what makes you curious.
Ho Dong, what do you think? Don't you want to watch part two?
(Laughing)
What was that?
- Let's move on. - I won't even watch yours.
The next one was directed by Shin Dong.
Yes, featuring our own Kyung Hoon...
is "Aftereffect".
- Let's take a look. - Let's take a look.
- I'm full of expectation. - Me too.
- I'm very curious about this one. - I do want to watch all three.
Look at that shot.
- Gosh. - This one is really...
It's impressive.
Look at that shot.
- Gosh. - This one...
- is really... - The font is perfect.
- It's like a movie. - Mom, I made this.
Is it fun?
Kyung Hoon, go to your brother.
One. Good. How about this one?
Two.
Teacher.
- Hello. - Hello.
This is heavy, teacher.
Hurry on in.
- We have to study Korean. - Okay.
He's an expert at falling in love.
He falls in love with pretty much everyone.
The shots are great, and so is the music.
I really got scared.
- The acting is so solid. - He's good.
He's so good at acting.
I know. He's good.
Does it end here?
(Does it really end here?)
But it's so good from the second part.
It's no joke.
Of course there's Kyung Hoon's fight scene.
But even apart from that,
- there's a huge twist. - Vote for us.
But for that...
action scene you just mentioned,
if your team fails to get in first place,
it might never be shared live.
- That's true. - That's so harsh.
(Feeling urgent)
Why is the tutor cooking in the kitchen though?
I thought she was a chef too.
- She's just really close to them. - Is that why?
She's like family.
But she should cook after giving her lesson.
But she was cooking first.
- That's what she did. - She went to cook afterwards.
But when it comes to leaving the most suspense,
the answer should be clear.
The competition is so fierce. Goodness.
- For now... - But...
the title front on the opening scene...
was so pretty.
They call that mise-en-scene.
But it's as if the haziness...
of the introduction scene and the angle...
explains the entire mood of the video.
Are you helping them right now?
- Oh, my. - I'll also dare to point out...
that I wrote the title font personally.
- It's so good. - That's your writing?
- Yes. - Personally...
There's only one last music video to view now.
- The 3rd one. - Yes, only the 3rd one remains.
"Kicked My Luck Away".
- "Kicked My Luck Away". - Let's watch together.
"Can I" kick their luck away?
(Brother School Film Contest)
"Kicked My Luck Away".
(Ho Dong is also watching it for the first time.)
("Kicked My Luck Away")
That's a good start.
(Yeong Cheol sings along at some point.)
(Chuckling)
It's very intense.
(Luck)
Swagger.
(It's a strong finish.)
Hold on. Wasn't that really good?
- That was neatly done. - It's like an advertisement.
I know that Sae Yoon...
films a lot of advertisements.
It felt like I was watching an advertisement.
- Yes, for chicken. - Kang Ho Dong's advertisement.
- That means it has impact. - Of course.
But definitely, the video...
had a lot of personality and creativity.
- The work is great. - That's right.
But before we commence the final vote,
each team will take the time to appeal...
to our viewers.
- You have 30 seconds. - 30 seconds each.
First,
- Kyung Hoon's team, please. - Kyung Hoon's team.
There is a real...
twist in the second half.
Please support us and watch it to the end.
Please stay tuned for our video.
We're number one.
As you witnessed,
Uhm Jung Hwa didn't have...
- a single scene in the first half. - That's right.
For those of you who are curious...
to see how she featured,
- get right to pressing number two. - Yes, right away.
We think our top music video...
is both funny and inspiring.
I'm not sure about "inspiring".
- Okay. - There's a lot of laughter.
There are plenty of laughs to be had until the end.
There's no inspiration, but there's plenty of humor.
To those of you who wish to laugh,
please press number two without a doubt.
You'll see why Uhm Jung Hwa...
came all the way out there on a freezing day.
- Please, choose number two. - Okay.
Sae Yoon's brilliance in this music video...
is truly one of a kind.
The best of his genius,
are all included in part two of "Kicked My Luck Away".
It's not all about scale and picture quality.
Gosh.
Their looks too cheap.
It's not all about scale and picture quality.
There are scenes that have been left out from the final cut.
All the tracking shots, aerial shots, and overhead shots...
are included the second part.
All things feet-related will be revealed in part two.
I ask for your support for number three.
- Number three. - Okay.
- Two. - Number two.
Now, we will close the voting.
Shall we all exclaim together?
- 5, 4, 3, 2, 1... - 5, 4, 3, 2, 1...
- The end. - Good work, everyone.
Thank you.
(Brother School Film Contest)
(Emotional ballad, "Afftereffect")
(Blockbuster-worthy EDM, "Can I")
(Electronic swagger, "Kicked My Luck Away")
(The final winning team will be revealed in a moment.)
Are the results in?
The results are in.
We now present to you first place...
for this year's first annual Brother School Film Contest.
(The winning team is revealed.)
(The hosts seem surprised.)
(Is it not what they expected?)
Congratulations.
(Which team...)
(will seize...)
(the victory?)
Congratulations.
(Which team...)
(will seize...)
(the victory?)
It's Kyung Hoon's "Aftereffect".
(Kyung Hoon and Kim Hee Chul take the win.)
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
Good work.
I was curious about part two.
- That's so right. - Great.
You did a great job.
- It was awesome. - It's like a movie.
- It was the best ever. - I admit it too.
All we did was trying to be funny.
Please make a comment.
- I knew we'd win. - Sure.
How arrogant.
What I mean is our plot was very well knit...
What did you just say?
I mean because the plot was well made,
people vote for ours to find out the rest of the story.
All of us did our best,
so please don't forget to check out...
the music videos made by other teams online.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
You deserve it.
- That's so true. - Right.
Congratulations!
The music videos of the teams that failed to win...
will be released online at 11pm.
I hope all of you neither suffer...
the aftereffects of the holiday...
nor kick your luck away in the new year.
I wonder if I can wish you a Happy New Year.
Can I?
- Of course, you can. - Can I?
I hope we can come back...
with the second Brother School Film Contest.
- Happy New Year! - Happy New Year!
Happy New Year!
"Aftereffect 'full music video will be air after this"